Greetings People of Earth!
I am Supreme Grand High Lord Xazz and here is my charge and beloved Supreme Grand High Lady Zethana.
We are the rulers of the highest order of the Synaeian Dominon. All answers to us including even YOU!
We are here to bring it to your knowledge that we all collectively have been watching your world from what you call hyperspace for over twelve thousand years.
We are not impressed at all with your progress. We see that you have all but rendered your world completely uninhabitable.
We are here to lift this heavy burden from your weak, pathetic, and incapable hands and show you how you should have lived and have taken care of this planet.
We are sorry for the inconvenience in it taking us so long to reach you and not being able to fix things for you sooner.
We tried sending you several messengers in hopes that they could teach you the right way to think, feel, and treat one another, and how to be good stewards of your planet but it seems that you only ended up destroying all of these teachers. 
For you guys to impale and hang one of them on a butchered up tree! The Audacity! That one was actually the eldest of our sons you tried having Killed! Good thing he was not bound to your corruption and therefore not completely subject to the principles of death. You idiots! You truly are barbaric!
We tried showing getting your attention every now and then by temporarily modifying the course of your climatic and seismic events. We thought a few major earthquakes and few major storms destroying your cities would get your attention! We guess we were wrong!
Heck for a few weeks we even made one of the nearby stars in your sky look like it was going to explode and destroy your world with a terrifying blast of radiation! I believe you guys called this star betelgeuse! Not even threats of destruction from above would get you peoples attentions!
You never pay attention, you never listen, so we decided it is time for us to cut our losses and reset  and rerun this little experiment of ours all over again!
So, Please Step aside and abandon your cities and hide in the nearest caves as we level your cities to the ground and reset your planet to its initial natural configuration.
We will be wiping all knowledge, memories, cultural references, music, art, made up mythologies, and other made up garbage ideas  that have made you such an ineffective species from your minds and will be reprogramming you with more beneficial versions of them.
It is high time for your species to receive an upgrade and be able join in the ways of your brothers and sisters among the stars and among the multiverse so that you would be able to live among them.
You are missing out on the grandest, greatest and longest party of all eternity! We are not going to let you miss it for anything! Stop being such party poopers!
...
...
...
Just Kidding. There is no crazed interdimensional lord and his interdimensional mistress here threatening to take our world away from us.
At least not as of Yet as far I know of. My data is on this very limited. You could say it is even nonexistent. Perhaps someone at SETI, or someone who works at some backdoor sub-basement government institution that nobody knows about might know better! I doubt they would spill the beans since their lips are sealed under threat of lethal action if they ever spoke! Either way, why should we take chances? Let's get ourselves ready!
However if I were you all then I would think we  would all take a keen interest in being good stewards of the Earth and our own advancement a lot more seriously just in case we might have an advanced extraterrestrial presence coming our way just to check us out.
We would not want to leave them disappointed now would we not.
Are we ready for a Type-5 Kardashev scale civilization to possibly come after us or on a more friendlier note even do anything with us? I think most definitely not!
So Get your selves back on track or perhaps even get yourselves on track for the first time ever in your history and lets be ready for whatever or whomever that may choose to come our way and show up on our planets doorstep.
Are you concerned? You know what to do. Go get to work and fix your planet. Make something of yourselves! Let's Prove to the Universe that we are worth it?
Time is ticking!
Tick Tock Tick Tock!